Do you know who my daughter is now?
Of course not.
Yes, but like Mrs. Su, you have a prominent family
Such an elegant and gentle person
Your daughter must be very outstanding.
Yes, my daughter is really good
What a pity!
He has a crush on a despicable scumbag
Mr. Gu has never even met my daughter
To marry my daughter
You are too insincere
You'd better leave that land to someone else as a dowry
Mr. Su, even if you marry your daughter to me
But you also said before
Who photographed this land?
Who is the partner of the Su family?
You should always travel at this level
Did you say that?
No, Sister Su
You can't trust me to kill a donkey.
Isn't this the method that Mr. Gu likes to use?
I'm not like you.
Abandoned his wife as soon as he became wealthy
Oh, I see.
You are avenging me for Sunan
This bitch
What ecstasy did I give you?
Let you deceive the Great Tang like this
Mr. Gu has not thought through this problem yet.
It doesn't seem to be qualified at all
Be a partner of our Su family?
What do you mean?
It means Su Lan is my daughter
She is the eldest lady of our Su family.
What!
He is the eldest lady of the Su family